jury for this recently that is the
second part of our test the smartphone
As a desktop replacement, the keyboard is the keyboard
is connected with bluetooth
this is the mouse as well
bluetooth and here we have already
our calculator
practically the smartphone a sony xperia
z this red cable that you see
NHL cable on these screens
connected here is a start places
I always come back here when I'm on
the house back and can be here with
multitasking we visit the me
like to wait that now
main screen I use my apps
I started here on google
clique I can enter something
the keyboard sometimes needs one
little but all in all , maria
Viola that's no problem because
wifi works very limited
unfortunately when mouse and keyboard
are connected
that's the biggest problem and that's why
I have to test it, too
cancel again because so
It does not work what you do now
the service is great
up here the status bar and here
on the right is the main app
practically as I think
mac also set up here with the
job I have on my right and above
here status bar i can always go here
again with the mouse, of course
call the notifications
i have on my my most important
apps i can call whats app here
operate with the keyboard
they wanted to make me up here
click music and yes things start the
I would like to say it again briefly
I would work with the browser
have such a kind of tabbed browsing once
I like to live here
So I want to come back again
tabbed browsing where I am completely outside
can choose or close here
and can add new tips
Of course, all that if nothing
Wi-Fi is available and that's great
synonymous, of course, have the problem that the
resolution is not particularly high
that's why a little one does not
when I call individual web pages
the presentation is very wide and it
would have to be a bit smaller, it is
make a little more fun
but also with the mouse
the game works i really can
cooperate well here even phone
Out of here I can do music I do not have
Everything desktop pc do too
does google have the here
possibility actually microsoft
to beat and cheat me for the
advise to do that
Maybe at 5, that's what we get
need a better support for
Input output devices and a better
presentation
I think it's quite interesting actually
another alternative to mac
and windows and maybe google stands
We will look at this score
thanks for watching jürgen condense
yourself